Okay, music here.
So I think it makes me talk.
And Chulun, Chulun for the technique, the machin, and I have four I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have, I'm going to have,
We're on the basis tooling the two combs, so that's via Jyn Sampson showing the technique of building a home.
So we're going to show you how to do it.
We're going to show you how to do it.
And I am very happy to be here with you.
I am very happy to be here with you.
of the tales.
It's not that we've hit the knock-knock and par exemplar, you break, or the flight since you've shown by Angang.
The tales were in the late sun.
It's not that we're going to be able to do the plan for your favourite, but it's not that we're going to do it for the next time.
It's not that we're going to do it for the next time.
And the Bible is lame.
It's the titel.
It's the right thing.
The Bible is the right thing.
the Signonoi, the Illinois, if you are a taller albate, on various niches, the weakly confident enamement from often an M4 FMAT in England, the Shondamals, for fillea and format in Lutre, the people in Stoichi, the people in English, the people in Stadt-Stadt, Wolde-Dan-Och, of Grünfern, Seine-Enteckeungen, and Seine-Elinch, you're in here in Fofolikt,
For the first time, I would like to thank all the members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members of the U.S. members.
Good, I would like to thank you very much for being here today.
I would like to thank you very much for being here today.
Thank you very much for being here today.
In fact, the people are in tantrum style and in dim scene, there's a swan shatsist.
There's a Scottish often bar on Annun's mentioning.
For God's sake, often bar, where it is to naturally keep this in the people in Allen's section, sexy, puchy, the people, and enrotant far near releasing camps of volume.
All testaments, als als als als als als als als als als als als als
And this is so fantastic.
And this is why it's so exciting.
And we've all been involved in this moment in February.
I think it's the beginning of the evening.
And it's the beginning of the evening.
It's the beginning of the evening.
I'm going to see a tour sign of a barter's vort, this vort called this DB.
Well, comes to our men's argument, we had Yimas el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el el
And I'm going to ask you to speak a little bit about the language.
I'm going to ask you to speak English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English,
That is not wrong if you sign false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false.
So, Lebendig, we may be able to bring in.
So, as before we run in this, Lebendig, about 9,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
Meet Alan Deez and Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton Sexton
Magdi's connections to Andre Nautore and to Andre Boucher, once he escaped him, he's in a rotten garden in the people.
I mean, as a country at Tumbaj, we vary in Tumbaj, or in Fafasa, and a country, right?
Manifrauwe at Lachan, Tumbaj, we live in a book with Alto Schreib, no Alto Mechan, a woman Alto's reparrier, yeah?
We are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy, we are very happy
And this is just a fantastic image of people.
Fear on sex, sex, and care for life, to an end.
When our children and our friends met, when I was an arrogant and arrogant, to me, and to me, fear on sex, sex, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me, and to me.
This is what I want to do.
Give us all the fantastic things that we want to do.
We want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Stamped, how strights and wounded they are for Christos.
And of this reason, Stile, the heart man, the name Israel, in the text of Tism, Stile.
One who was so interested in this, to skip this in Cairo, is this Israel, in Dism, seen by Dism, archaeologation, funstook, nicht alsainenazion, diagestelte, wier, tunden alsain folk, uraine groupiro.
In the end of the year, we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible, and we have a lot of people in the Bible.
And here it is, it's not a joke, it's not a joke, it's not a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke,
The Hatman in Aneh, Hule in Israel, YAH, Sibin on Fitti, 1900, Sibin on Fitti, Gefunden on Tzvah, the Gansan feeling shifting on the Gansa Rolle Izzayas.
When these are stamped, oh, four crystals.
Try a hundred of four crystals, Hatman Dizan Rolle d'Atihyanken, on Dashtim, meet Fünfünfün, 90, Biztü, 900, 90 percent.
You were aimed, meet them texts, meet them Hibreish, in texts, Das Vihojte,
God shoots, say in words.
Amen.
And where does Nick, you know, keep snow and steel, the man in Israel, Gefundenhardt, or man in the interest of the Teldan Steler?
And there are some people in the world who have no idea how to do it.
There are so many people who have no idea how to do it.
We are here in Königtavid.
We are here in Bislaisin from Davenaturikiskla from the shrift of all of these stele, of these steins that we are going to ask for.
We are here in Königtavid, from Haustavid.
We are here in Königtavid.
We are going to be able to find a link in the description below.
We are going to find a link in the description below.
To be released, there are so many people in the world that we have seen in the last few years from now on, I think, in the last few years, I think, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years, in the last few years.
When we are done, we will be glad that we will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I want to thank you very much.
That's a vein of the Wariobegashim.
That's a vein of the wariobegashim.
That's a
This is all an argument.
It comes to me a full game when it's sarge.
You nail some organelle quela endocommencedant.
The best answer is that, yeah, who is the Vashain lecate?
That's the Stadtke Fundenate.
It comes to the Harrington.
When it's endocommenate, this is 1,000 yards and speed of a fast wheel.
You bring a machine in 1,000 yards for here, then have to collect and put targets like you know.
The first thing I want to talk about is the switching machine.
The first thing I want to talk about is the argument we need to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision
This is the first time I've ever seen in the United States in the United States in the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States.
and manuscript the rechnemandamit.
It's a neat thing.
It's a neat feeling.
A very recent chef, Kate Huyter of Phonos, does this in Caesar, does this in the game not?
Okay, my sister found this is Algemaner Acaines.
So I didn't see how to fly to Phonem Platonge here, and Greek you should feel the soft.
I had to give a few hundred, try a few hundred years before Christosge lived.
But as we are done in the end, we feel that manuscript gives us this in Platon.
It's kept ongefert, so I had to say in manuscript.
As a member of the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S. and the U.S.
Triton Hoon would be a nie man still to existent plato on Hite in Frage.
Then Gibson Hoon would then elias, with recent krigi, the grigish and krigi, meet a hilis, on tis a trullian, a shikrigi, and a house with a fonger here to keep talk and become the fiend aruben.
We feel a manuscript to give this.
Arcton Hoon, the talk recently made.
Al sitzwe hoon that scene, or the detranci.
Al vassistan de abstant, fearhoon that the other.
So, in the beginning, I thought, I thought, yeah, okay?
I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought,
On this standard, the site of the organelle for the thousandth year, the first year of the year.
The extreme cuts of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site of the site.
To be honest, we have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot
So the people had an extreme horror.
So Nimda Smith.
Well, the people with a demon of infragge still.
I was on a vision shelf, looking inside.
This is the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and the best and
It's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
I think it's a great game.
It's a great game.
As is Nick Norewahai, the tribe of Nick the Gishiktwahafte, one Gishin is the D-Pasiatsint.
So in the East, our tribe is the Gishiktwahafte, and it is the Gishiktwahafte, and it is the Gishiktwahafte, and it is the Gishiktwahafte.
It's a very important thing.
And we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I'm a philosopher, a philosopher, and a philosopher.
I'm a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher, a philosopher,
And I think that's why I'm so glad that I'm going to come here.
That's why I'm going to come here.
In the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end,
It's over standard.
of the world, and the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world
The best of us is the best of us.
When we finally came to Jesus, Martin and the organ of, so that's his understanding of what we are doing.
We are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this,
That's the sign.
Highly, guys.
It's very good to see you.
On the contrary, it's merely for you in the mid-honger-compet.
But if Rage is tied to Hambir and Honger-Gotho, St. Ward, Ken and Selena, we fit swivel-syntria.
Saines steemets oheren.
Saines steemets oher quen and och alides och steem and dunes, tagli-traffundi, hin ouskuchosen wären, fon unceren, hendis, fon fernsen, fon computer, radio.
On indies, alie,
And all of these in the canal, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains, and all of these in the mountains,
And in the city of the city, the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city.
So yes, as shits and vortinals, when the beginning has the lets and targets item lets them some start, all ones will be able to plan, meet, release, and come back to the end of the day, and we will be able to give them more capital for you, and we will be able to give you more capital for you, and we will be able to give more capital for you.
And Jesus said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The same and ging in awesome to say.
In this case, I'm going to say the field as I know and in vague.
In this field, I'm going to come and I'm crossing this off.
In this field, I'm going to stay in this field.
And under his field, in the good air, in the good air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air, in the bad air
Sat is not really hard on all the power Canada's.
We are, since Dan Parvian vin, we're thinking of Nick Tharibian Act, we have all known as Alice in the superme actor, Galen, and Skipps.
We have a hint, so, but then, we get out of the inside, but then, Sibn Svergen, but then Sibn Svergen, taught in Niberostrach, on the right way, of the end of the world.
We have one in our power, on Dan Gipps' architecture.
On Dan Vaxen, these are the trade-off, they show in the caroten,
He fought the Muslim side, you know, but fast.
Alice was so good, kept him super-miked, yeah?
And then he used to stand guard here as a man for shelter.
And this was not too late as what got us.
That's a real, that's a good and bold and failed in us.
And with the interest of this, this hat here, Uberalke said, on Ichlege, this is climbing so arse, the scot, St. Wart in Ausen, it's a year of mange.
But the flag is, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must, we must,
and the people of Skanschlär und Toitlichtämid, the Al-Aham, the off-car.
But the Evangelium, for the Gansus Shepfung, we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson.
We are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this lesson, and we are going to do a little bit of this
The sad and the joyful and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unceased and the unce
I was young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and young and
I want to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give you an opportunity to give
And this is the name of the right.
Jesus, not to fall.
And this is the price to be silent.
And this is the story we have here.
And this is what we find in Gileung.
This is in Guten Sam, and this is Lesm Vetsunim.
And this is Lesm Vetsunim.
And this is
Raich Tumman was a Himmel.
Alice was weak to give it as does what caught us in Jesus in on some lame.
Maybe it's all kind of rock tone, abbessite Jesus.
And as his man gave it, fear unz, alskeh has commanded us when caught and in this moment, Abunatulik artharubihin als, taswindas wadke saith wad, saith in the instillate saith, saith in a life-crope, where I admit of what caught us
So sign what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what.
Our diocese is through some and our by-tusion ons on them here.
It's very important.
This is in only the best place for our session, so that's the sport of fruit and corn.
This is the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of the world, the theme of
can all this friend and while this unique new gushit is on this east-auch, lame-the-ones height that comes down in Sargan.
For scot tamas que saktat gilt och huy te vales de seil beguesten huy te un tinale evi cheit hallelujah.
So when a sakt eviildi hreten eviildi hyalen tamas, than gilt tas och huy te hallelujah.
To be skin also vichti viildi yungu damas, to be skin also vichti gund wertfall,
We are going to show you what we are doing.
Intercentivizes side to harness here.
Jesus is this what?
And this is what, what the flesh, what the depending on the owner owns.
Our view is done.
Jesus met him what caught us, ungegan.
This is an intercentive drug.
We had here to shift and
I think it's a lot of fun.
He is a young man.
I want to thank you for your support.
He said, I'm not sure.
So Jesus glowed and stripped them.
So they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know what to do, they didn't know.
And so, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world, the people of the world.
The answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer.
The guns to shift is neutrally, and it's from God, he's not a man.
He's not a man.
We think that this is the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer.
And this is what we have to learn, and we have to often say that this is what we have to do, and that is what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do, and what we have to do.
I'm going to mention that we are going to have a good day.
We are going to have a good day.
So Yisw's identity meets the Gansen Shrift.
Swatens, the air saced the Ironman.
Off-scene, we, as Ian mentioned, begin it.
And his Gansen eye, by the end, and in the leg, the hand of a healthy Kanken, the Libra Kanken,
I have spent a lot of time in the United States, and I have been in the United States for a long time.
I have been in the United States for a long time.
I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am not a man, I am
We're going to take a little bit of time, and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time and we're going to take a little bit of time.
Now, when the seas are, I have four, one hundred seas, I guess, Proken, they are so far from the seas.
They are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are so far from the seas, they are
We have our air that's infragate, and most resumes.
Since we are in the arb, we are in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb, in the arb,
You will be in gloam, not a balloon thing.
You will be in sprit there.
The new photographer, the new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new new
When we hum here, there's word cutters.
When we hear no sign word, I'll send them.
When we hear no sign, I'll send them a hand of these Indian and the other.
When we hum, we hum there's word cutters.
When we hear no sign, we hum there's word cutters.
When we
The people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible, the people of the Bible.
And it's not that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's that hard, it's
As Allah's Andra.
When you know this is warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth, when you know this warth,
The new da is to die in a van Schutzerfhelen.
On no way, when we in Bronx, when we in Schwierkeitenbeest, flight in Malimya, done.
Or a beast to the knees, to the gessar tell, we are making our foggins.
We are making our foggins.
but it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us, and it's still behind us,
a certain society, a certain institution, a belonging to what God has, and the fact that Jesus is a human, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has, to what God has.
As young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young as young
We're going to talk about this.
But I feel like that's what got us.
But let's lay my knees, hallelujah.
So when I triphled our tikmanipulih and meht, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come to the end, when I come
We are making a new world of media science, and we can't do it.
We can't do it.
and how it evolved.
It evolved to the human side.
Then this is a gal that we're mistick about, however, besides niktas, it does niktinor, no bringensol.
We've been hight, trot, steam, and cane, gottas, hallelujah.
We've been anguen omen, we've been givolt, we've been gerecht, fertik, warden, hallelujah.
Well, here is my nikerechtik, hallelujah.
A gal fas ikmiktana, fullo, deniktas, isvasstas, waltzacht.
Undang karniktas, waltz, for vendem, en effusu,
to come and meet Fidamnis and sign up his nicksweird, give back to us all his societies.
And as soon as you have the nicksweird, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands, to your hands
and I would like to thank Aladdin and Garber, who came to the Gautas to work on the identity of the Hallelujah, with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with this and with
I am very proud of you.
And then shad and shad and then fire and throw a sack and come.
For air too rich to drink and mousse, for air flian mousse, for air on the side, but personally, well, it's very pain.
It's been gerecht in years to stress.
It's been gerecht.
He was a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man, a very big man,
Hallelujah, takirim, nambe shi taknimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimimim
I'm going to say that I'm going to meet him here.
I'm going to meet him.
on so village, in the ark, with a good sign, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark, in the ark,
And when you're just too less than alone, when you're just what's called a schist, you're not going to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to
Yeah, and the seraphine has also shown that this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this is a, this
I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here, I am very happy to be here,
Then what caught us on man's sleek and unbiblicious territory?
We listened to this verse in Auch, in Enem.
This is right, the high terminus collision, the mid collisionist.
Marcus Seben.
That's what killed Auch as rich, noble films,
We were to live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place where we can live in a place
We had an angry client, and it was the same thing as before we saw it.
And this was the first time we saw it, and it was the first time we saw it, and it was the first time we saw it, and it was the first time we saw it.
I am very proud of you.
This is what made me believe that the world is vital to me.
I believe that the world is vital to me.
I think it's a very important thing.
I'm not sure.
leave a boat's capitaine.
When a new anger at our pigs, the first one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and the last one in the past, and
We have a lot of fun.
And the most important thing is that there is a lot of people who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world, who are living in the world.
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come,
It's very important to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Eluso has made an area of name, and it makes it important for us to speak English.
It makes it important for us to speak English.
It makes it important for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English for us to speak English.
It's not him and then Hallelujah.
It's not him
Jesus Christus.
He made the Jesus of art.
He made the Jesus of our name, amen.
He came home from our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts, our hearts.
He helped me to be a natural falcon.
Often bad I involved for me.
Highly guys say I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here
He was a young man, a young man, a young man, and a young man.
He was a young man, a young man, and a young man.
He was a young man, a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man, and a young man.
I think it's a very interesting story.